docs(co-scientist): Add Co-Scientist credits page (#1369)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/seqera-ai/credits.md

---
title: "Credits"
description: "Co-Scientist credits and how to request more"
date created: "2026-04-30"
tags: [seqera-ai, credits, co-scientist]
---

> Co-Scientist usage on Seqera Cloud is metered through credits. Credits are managed at the organization level and shared across all users in the organization.

Author: ```suggestion
Co-Scientist usage on Seqera Cloud is metered through credits.
Users receive a monthly credit allowance. Organizations can purchase additional credits, managed at the organization level and shared across all users.
```
